The next method under test is the get users method that will return back all the user account, a list
of user accounts.
The only method called we need to mock here is the user repo dot
Find all that returns a list of user accounts.
Go to your test class add a new test void
test get users.
Controller Dot Get Users is the method hit control one assigned statement to a local variable call it
users or you can call it output users.
Start stubbing when
The user account repository Dot find all is invoked, dot then we need to return, then return back
a new array list to start with.
This array list is of type user account and brackets at the end.
Hit control one import array list from Java util and extract this to a local variable.
The new array list control one extract to a local variable.
Call it users.
So these are the users that are returned back, you can add a couple of users to this list or user
accounts users dot add new user account.
And add one more users dot, add we will just assert on the length we don't have to worry about the
contents of it as long as it returns the expected number of user accounts, we are happy.
So we have successfully mocked the call, which is find all.
Then we invoke controller dot get users.
Once that is done, you can start the assertions, assert not null the output users that comes back.
And also you can assert assert equals the output user's dot length is expected to be two, because
we are adding two user accounts here, and that is what should be returned when this call happens.
When controllers dot get users is invoked, it will internally use user account repository dot find all
which should return just two users.
Here it is Output users dot.
The size of it that should be two.
And we can also do the verification verify within brackets.
The user account repository outside the brackets.
Dot find all should have been invoked, format it and run the test.
All the tests.
There we go.
Everything is green and happy.
We look at the test output, we only see two tests being run.
That is because I haven't marked this test.
Get users with the @ test annotation.
So let's mark it and rerun this test class.
right click run
This time we should see three tests that should be running and passing.
There we go.
test get users test registry user and test update interest.